MAE are scalable vision learner (#60)
creatis-myriad/creatis-myriad.github.io: collections/_posts/2022-08-31-MAE.md

---
layout: review
title: "Masked Autoencoders Are Scalable Vision Learners"
tags: deep-learning attention transformer self-supervised
author: "Gaspard Dussert"
cite:
    authors: "Kaiming He, Xinlei Chen, Saining Xie, Yanghao Li, Piotr Dollár, Ross Girshick"
    title:   "Masked Autoencoders Are Scalable Vision Learners"
    venue:   "IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 2022, pp. 16000-16009"
pdf: "https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Masked_Autoencoders_Are_Scalable_Vision_Learners_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf"
---

# Highlight

> * Masked Auto-Encoder is a very simple self-supervised training approach giving state-of-the-art results

Reviewer: I would change it to "Masked Auto-Encoder is a very simple self-supervised training approach that gives state-of-the-art results"

> * Masked Auto-Encoder is a very simple self-supervised training approach giving state-of-the-art results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Masked Auto-Encoder is a very simple self-supervised training approach that gives state-of-the-art results
```
